DOCS-7578 Add NetFlow Monitor Documentation (#23342)
DataDog/documentation: content/en/network_monitoring/devices/netflow.md

### Interface Information

Represents details about the ingress and egress interfaces.

| Field Name | Field Description |
|---|---|
| Egress Interface Alias | Alias of the egress interface. |
| Egress Interface Index | Index of the egress interface. |
| Egress Interface Name | Name of the egress interface. |
| Ingress Interface Alias | Alias of the ingress interface. |
| Ingress Interface Index | Index of the ingress interface. |
| Ingress Interface Name | Name of the ingress interface. |

### Device Information

Represents details related to the device generating NetFlow records.

| Field Name | Field Description |
|---|---|
| Device IP | IP address used to map to a device in NDM for enrichment purposes. |
| Exporter IP | IP address from which NetFlow packets originate. |
| Device Model | Model of the device. |
| Device Name | Name of the device. |
| Device Namespace | Namespace of the device. |
| Device Vendor | Vendor of the device. |

### Flow Details

> Represents characteristics of the network flow.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
The following fields represent characteristics of the network flow.
```

| Field Name | Field Description |
|---|---|
| Direction | Indicates whether the flow is inbound or outbound. |
| Start Time | Timestamp of the first network packet between the source and destination IP addresses. |
| End Time | Timestamp of the last network packet between the source and destination IP addresses. |
| Ether Type | Type of Ethernet frame encapsulation (IPv4 or IPv6). |
| Flow Type | Type of NetFlow data format (IPFIX, sFlow5, NetFlow5, NetFlow9, or Unknown). |
| IP Protocol | Protocol used for communication (such as ICMP, TCP, or UDP). |
| Next Hop IP | IP address of the next hop in the network path. |
| TCP Flag | Union of all TCP flags observed over the life of the flow. |
| Bytes | Total number of bytes transferred. |
| Packets | Total number of packets transferred. |

> Use the out-of-the-box facets to start analyzing traffic patterns based on NetFlow destination and source IP addresses.

Reviewer: Is this line in the right place? Should it be under a facets-related section? When placed here, it looks like it pertains to the Flow Details section

Author: ```suggestion
In addition to fields, you can also use out-of-the-box facets to start analyzing traffic patterns based on NetFlow destination and source IP addresses.
```

| Source Cloud Provider Service | The service provided by the cloud provider associated with the source IP. |
| Source Continent Code | The code representing the continent associated with the source IP. |
| Source Continent Name | The name of the continent associated with the source IP. |
| Source Country ISO Code | The ISO code representing the country associated with the source IP. |
| Source Country Name | The name of the country associated with the source IP. |
| Source IP | The source IP address. |
| Source Latitude | The latitude coordinate associated with the source IP. |
| Source Longitude | The longitude coordinate associated with the source IP. |
| Source MAC | The Media Access Control (MAC) address associated with the source IP. |
| Source Mask | The subnet mask associated with the source IP. |
| Source Port | The source port number. |
| Source Subdivision ISO Code | The ISO code representing the subdivision (such as state or province) associated with the source IP. |
| Source Subdivision Name | The name of the subdivision (such as state or province) associated with the source IP. |
| Source Timezone | The timezone associated with the source IP. |

> By monitoring these key fields in NetFlow events, organizations can gain visibility into their network infrastructure, optimize performance, and improve security posture.

Author: ```suggestion
By monitoring these key fields and using facets in NetFlow events, organizations can gain visibility into their network infrastructure, optimize performance, and improve security posture.
```

{{< img src="monitors/monitor_types/netflow/monitor.png" alt="Create a dashboard with NetFlow data" width="100%" >}}

> This data is also available in dashboards, notebooks, and more for more precise queries and for correlating with other sources of data. When creating a dashboard with Netflow data, select **NetFlow** as the source in the **Graph your data** section.

Reviewer: Can we reword this to avoid the awkward `more for more` construction? (also, don't forget to capitalize the F in NetFlow)

Author: ```suggestion
This data is also available in dashboards and notebooks, enabling precise queries and correlation with other data sources. When creating a dashboard with NetFlow data, select **NetFlow** as the source in the **Graph your data** section.
```
